our main story tonight and I cannot
believe I'm saying this is Donald Trump
and I say that I said that knowing that
every time his name is said out loud
he has a shattering orgasm we have
mostly ignored Trump on this show but he
is now won three states has been
endorsed by chris Christie and polish al
him leading most Super Tuesday states
which is a big deal since 1988 every
candidate who's won the most states on
Super Tuesday went on to become their
party's nominee so at this point Donald
Trump is America's back mold it may have
seemed harmless a year ago but now that
it's gotten frightening ly bigger it is
no longer wise to ignore it and I do
understand why Trump supporters might
like him he's unpredictable and
entertaining just look how he went after
Marco Rubio on Friday did you ever see a
guy sweat like this
it's Rubio
that's objectively funny just as it was
funny when a few years ago he tweeted I
would like to extend my best wishes to
all even the haters and losers on this
special date September the 11th he
wished haters and losers are happy 9/11
there is a part of me that even likes
this guy it's a part of me I hate but it
is a part of me and if you are someone
who's sick of the party establishment he
might seem like a protest candidate with
some attractive qualities we like him
like it is he says what he means I
honestly believe he's telling the truth
he's funding his own campaign nobody
owns him he's aggressive I think he's an
incredible businessman if he runs the
country like he runs his organization we
would be in good shape
Donald Trump can seem appealing until
you take a closer look much like the
lunch buffet and a strip club or the NFL
or having a pet chimpanzee sure it seems
fun but someday Coco's going to tear
your limbs off because let's
look at each of those qualities those
people listed first he tells it like it
is
does he because the website politifact
checks 77 of his statements and rated 76
percent of them as varying degrees of
false and I've witnessed this firsthand
he once attacked my old boss by tweeting
if Jon Stewart is so above it all and
legit why did he change his name from
Jonathan Leibovitz he should be proud of
his heritage and then two years later
rose I never attacked dopey Jon Stewart
for his phony last name would never do
that
and then just last year he claimed
falsely to have turned down an invite to
appear on this very boring show and
who's he trying to impress with that lie
our show's guests include sloths
and puppies we're basically a petting
zoo with a desk but when we pointed out
that he had never been invited this is
how he responded all of a sudden I see
people saying that John Oliver and her
st. John Oliver and I checked with my
people he asked me to be on the show
four or five times and I I don't even
hardly know who it was I wouldn't know
what he looks like
I wouldn't expect him to know who I was
although for his inevitable angry tweet
about this segment I'll tell him what I
look like I look like a nearsighted
parrot who works at a bank secondly it
was genuinely destabilizing to be on the
receiving end of a lie that confidence I
even checked to make sure that no one
had even accidentally invited him and of
course they hadn't and and I'm not even
sure he knows he's lying I think he just
doesn't care about what the truth is
Donald Trump gives the truth like this
Lima views the Supreme Court vacancy I
don't care about that in any way please
off I have a banana
so let's move on let's move on to his
next selling points that he is truly
independent and not beholden to anyone
or as he puts it I'm self-funding my
campaign I tell the truth he'll be
Spence of fact probably 2025 million
dollars okay let's break that down first
I'm rich therefore I tell the truth has
the same internal logic as I'm a vegan
therefore I know karate there is no
cause and effect between those two and
the correlation usually goes the other
way and while it is true that he hasn't
taken corporate money the implication
that he has personally spent twenty to
twenty five million dollars is a bit of
a stretch because what he's actually
done is loaned his own campaign
seventeen and a half million dollars and
has just personally given just two
hundred and fifty thousand dollars and
that's important because up until the
convention he can pay himself back for
the loan with campaign funds and if you
don't think there's a significant
difference between a gift and a loan try
giving your spouse an anniversary loan
and see how that goes
and even he himself sometimes admits
that his campaign is by no means
completely self-funded I'm self-funding
my campaign other than the little tiny
ones where they send in you know women
sending we had a woman seven dollars and
fifty nine cents what do you do how can
you send the money back do you know it's
a nice it's cute it's beautiful they
feel invested in you campaign he makes
it sound like women a stuffing grimy
dollar bills in envelopes writing Donald
Trump on the front and he's just too
kind to send them back but he's taken in
seven and a half million dollars in
individual contributions and if he
didn't want him maybe shouldn't have had
to donate button's on his website
because money isn't unsolicited when you
have to ask for someone's credit card
expiration date to receive it okay so
how about the claim that he is tough
well again I'm not sure about that
because for a tough guy he has
incredibly thin skin back in 1988 spy
magazine called him a short fingered
Bulgarian and ever since the editor
Graydon Carter says he receives
envelopes from Trump always with a photo
on which he circled his hand to
highlight the length of his fingers
usually with a nose reading see not so
short look his fingers seem fine but the
very fact he's so sensitive about them
is absolutely hilarious as is the fact
that those notes were apparently written
in gold sharpie which is so
quintessentially Donald Trump something
that gives the passing appearance of
wealth but is actually just a cheap tool
his signature tough talk often involves
lawsuits he loves to threaten to sue
people like he did with Rosie O'Donnell
she said I was bankrupt I never went
bankrupt so probably I'll sue her
because it would be fun I'd like to take
some money out of her fat-ass pockets of
course of course he needs to take Rosie
O'Donnell to court to take money out of
her pockets because his tiny tiny
fingers are too short to
he never sued Rosie O'Donnell in fact
he's repeatedly threatened people with
lawsuits and not followed through
including the rapper Mac Miller lawrence
O'Donnell Vanity Fair and an activist
who launched a petition for Macy's to
drop Trump's products I'll sue you is
Trump's version of bazinga it doesn't
really mean anything but he says it all
the time but perhaps Trump's biggest
selling point as a candidate is his
success and where could people get that
idea from I'm really rich I actually
think I have the best temperament people
love me and you know what I've been very
successful everybody loves me I went to
an Ivy League school
I'm very highly educated I know words I
had the best words oh please
literally the biggest word in the
sentence I have the best words is the
word words well it's worth noting well
yes he has made more money than most of
us will make in a lifetime not only did
he get a multi-million dollar
inheritance from his father but he's
also lost a huge amount and this is
where we need to be careful because as
we've learned he will he will threaten
to sue your fat ass pockets with his
cocktail sausage fingers
if you talk about his company's
bankruptcies so I will just let his own
daughter describe the state of his
finances at one point in his life I
remember once my father and I were
walking down Fifth Avenue and there was
a homeless person sitting sitting right
outside of Trump Tower and I remember my
father pointing to him and saying you
know that guy has eight billion dollars
more than me because he was in such
extreme debt at that point you know and
that really shows you the indomitable
spirit of Donald Trump to fall to his
lowest point and in that very moment
still find a way to be kind of a dick to
a homeless guy now now his campaign
claims his current worth is in excess of
ten billion dollars and they've written
it in all caps so it must be true
but others have disputed that figure in
fact a book won't suggested that Trump
might be worth a mere 150 to 250 million
dollars which Trump protested by suing
the writer for 5 billion dollars which
is a pretty roundabout way of getting
half the way to 10 billion and you
should note for the record Trump lost
that lawsuit twice but I am glad that he
sued if only because during the
deposition he explained that his
estimate of his net worth fluctuates
based on and I quote feelings even my
own feelings and that can change rapidly
from day to day think about that he
claimed that his net worth changes
depending on his mood which makes
absolutely no sense partly because he
always seems to be in the same mood
specifically smug yet gassy a
significant portion of his self
valuation is intangible his brand is
what he values very much and it his
disclosure form that is released it's
about three billion dollars that's what
he values his brand as exactly he values
his own name at 3 billion dollars and
I'm not saying a name can't have value
it's why people will pay $120 for a
plain white t-shirt that is designed by
Kanye West I don't want just any white
t-shirts they want one designed by a
bored sociopath with a finger free anus
but three billion dollars seems a bit
high especially because while Trump has
said if I put my name on something you
know it's gonna be good over the years
his name has been on some things that
have arguably been very uncooked
including Trump shuttle which no longer
exists Trump vodka which was
discontinued Trump magazine which folded
trunk world's magazine which also folded
Trump University over which he's being
sued and of course the travel booking
site go Trump calm those grief existence
was I imagine a real thorn in the side
of anyone hoping got Trump calm feature
a single thing worth masturbating to and
that's not even mentioning licks when it
comes to great steaks I've just raised
the stakes Trump steaks are the world's
greatest steaks and I mean that in every
sense of the word and the sharper image
is the only store where you can buy them
not only can you not buy those steaks
anymore but why did he sell them at the
sharper image that is a weird choice I
will take a massage chair an indoor
waterfall and eight and a half pounds of
the finest meat in America and sure
every business executive is bound to
have a few missteps but Trump's lack of
sound financial instincts is perhaps
best exemplified by the business that he
put his name on back in 2006 just before
the entire housing market collapsed I
think it's a great time to start a
mortgage company we're gonna have a
great company it's Trump mortgage and
Trump mortgage calm and it's gonna be a
terrific company yeah it wasn't in fact
starting a mortgage company in 2006 with
one of the worst decisions you could
possibly make but I guess you can
convince yourself it was a good idea
when you say 30 words and five of them
are great great terrific Trump and Trump
and you might say well never mind side
business is what he really is
is a builder but a building with Trump
written on it is not necessarily owned
by him he may have just licensed his
name to them something he claims is
actually better than ownership you don't
put up money you don't put up anything
spoken like a true builder and some of
those licensed buildings sell his
reputation hard like the sales video for
the Trump Ocean Resort in northern
Mexico I'm very very proud of the fact
that when I build I have investors that
follow me all over people ask me what is
Trump stand for more than anything else
and if I use one word it's always
quality right but it's easy to throw
around the word quality have you ever
stayed at a quality in the pillows are
stuffed with hair they fished out of the
bathtub drain
he was never the builder for that
project which was later abandoned
leaving would-be condo buyers like
William Flint who lost a hundred and
sixty eight thousand dollars feeling
understandably betrayed Donald Trump was
an expert in these types of projects or
so we thought
in a deposition for a lawsuit regarding
the property Trump's son Donald Trump
jr. conceded that the Trump brand could
lead people to think a project was a
solid investment there's one of the
things that you've learned through this
process is that the Trump name bring
stability and their viability to the
project I don't have a bring stability
or viability but I imagine certain
people feel that and that might actually
be the most honest slogan for the Trump
campaign from 2016 I don't know if it
brings stability or viability but I
imagine certain people feel that not
only good investors in that property sue
Donald Trump they also did in Trump
Tower tamper another project that never
got off the ground and in both cases
Trump characteristically deflected blame
onto the developers and you would think
those investors will be facing it up
impossible legal battle given Trump's
tough talk when I get sued I take it
right oil tits take it all the way you
know what happens if you settle suits
you get sued more it's true I don't
settle anything I don't settle guess
what
he settled both those cases but the
problem is even when you condemn monster
we prove Trump to be wrong it's somehow
never seems to matter
you can hold his feet to the fire but
it'll just stand there on the stumps
bragging about his fireproof thought
skin
and that may be because he has spent
decades turning his own name into a
brand synonymous with success and
quality and he's made himself the mascot
for that brand like Ronald McDonald or
Chef Boyardee and that is who we have
seen in the apprentice or Wrestlemania
or home alone - but if he's actually
going to be the Republican nominee it's
time to stop thinking of the mascot and
start thinking of the man because a
candidate for president needs a coherent
set of policies whatever you think about
Marco Rubio and Ted Cruz at least you
basically know where they stand but
Trump's opinions have been wildly
inconsistent
he's been pro-choice and pro-life for
and against assault weapon bans in favor
of both bringing in Syrian refugees and
deporting them out of the country and
that inconsistency can be troubling just
this morning for instance he was asked
about the fact that David Duke former
Grand Wizard of the Ku Klux Klan had
told supporters to vote for him and this
was his answer will you unequivocally
condemn David Duke and say that you
don't want his vote or that of other
white supremacists in this election what
you see you understand I don't know
anything about David Duke okay I don't
know anything about what you're even
talking about with white supremacy or
white supremacists honestly I don't know
David Duke I don't believe I've ever met
him I pretty sure I didn't meet him and
I just don't know anything about him
really that's your best answer there
because you definitely know who he is
partly because you called him a bigot
and a racist in the past but that's not
even the point the point is with
an answer like that you are either
racist or you are pretending to be and
at some point there is no difference
there and sure he disavowed David Juke
later in the day but the scary thing is
we have no way of knowing which of his
inconsistent views he will hold in
office will he stand by a statement that
vaccines are linked to autism or his
belief that Mexico is sending us rapists
oh and what about that plan he had to
defeat Isis we're fighting a very
politically correct war with the
terrorists you have to take out their
families when you get these terrorists
you have to take out their families they
care about their lives don't kid
yourself what you say they don't care
about the less you have to take out
their families that is the frontrunner
for the Republican nomination advocating
a war crime and he might say he was
joking or he's changed his mind about
any of these things and private
individuals are allowed to change their
minds we all do it but when he's sworn
in as president on January 20th 2017 on
that day his opinions are going to
matter and you will remember that date
because it's the one that time travelers
from the future will come back to to try
and stop the whole thing from happening
I get that the character of Donald Trump
is entertaining and that he says things
that people want to hear and I know his
very name is powerful just listen to
this one Supporter explain what it means
to her I was a little girl well I didn't
even know what Trump Towers were but I
knew that he was a wealthy successful
man somehow like there was even as a
very young kid the word Trump sort of
meant riched it meant success she's not
even wrong Trump does sound rich it's
almost onomatopoeic Trump is the sound
produced when a mouthy servant is
slapped across the face with a water
thousand dollar bills Trump it's the
sound of a cork popping on a couple's
champagne over Suri the data renovations
in the wine cellar were finally
completed the very name Trump is the
cornerstone of his brand if only there
were a way to uncouple that magical word
from the man he really is well guess
what there is because it turns out the
name Trump was not always his family's
name one biographer found that a
prescient ancestor had changed it from
and this is true drunk yes
and is much less magical if the sounds
produced when they morbidly obese pigeon
flies into the window of the poor
clothes Old Navy drunk it's the sound of
a bottle of store-brand root beer
falling off the shelf in a gas station
mini-mart and it may seem weird to bring
up his ancestral name but to quote
Donald Trump he should be proud of his
heritage because drunk is much more
reflective of who he actually is so if
you are thinking of voting for Donald
Trump the charismatic guy promising to
make America great again stop and take a
moment to imagine how you would feel if
you just met a guy named donald drumpf a
litigious serial liar with a string of
broken business ventures and the support
of a former Klan leader who he can't
decide whether or not to condemn would
you think he would make a good president
or is the spell now somewhat broken and
that is why tonight I'm asking America
to make donald drumpf again hashtag
makes Donald Trump again paperwork to
trademark the names run and incidentally
when we own it I will have the best word
and if you go to Donald J Trump calm
which we own you can download a drum for
native Chrome extension which will
replace the word Trump with drums
wherever it appears he's got browser you
can also buy these make of Donald drunk
again hats
we are selling at cloth really we've
chosen not to make a profit a factor
which will probably irritate mr. drum
more than anything else I've said
tonight and if you're thinking well
that's all great but I wish there was a
new campaign anthem for Donald Trump
well here it is now here it is right now
because listen blinded by the magic of
his name we need to see him through
fresh eyes so please don't think Donald
Trump
because he's a builder he's more of a
shitty lifestyle ground
like your losses in the morning
every time in cold sharpie good night